* ***Order of a graph:** The number of vertices and it's expressed as $|G|$. The number of edges is expressed as $||G||$.
* An edge is sometimes written as $xy$ or $yx$.
* Other notation is that if $x \in X$ and $y \in Y$ then $xy$ is an $X-Y$ edge.
* Pairwise non-adjacent vertices or edges are called independent and an independent set is also called stable.
* **Homomorphism:** Let $G = (V,E)$ and $G' = (V',E')$ be two graphs. Then a map $\varphi: V -> V'$  is a homomorphism from $G$ to $G'$ if it preserves the adjacency of vertices, i.e. if $\{\varphi(x), \varphi(y)\} \in E'$ whenever $\{x,y\} \in E$. 
* It is important to mention that the set of pre-images of let's say X are independent, if the graph itself does not have self-loops.
* If $\varphi$ is bijective and its $\varphi^{-1}$ is also homomorphism then $\varphi$ is called isomorphism.
* abstract graph == isomorphism?
* **Graph Property:** A class of graphs that is closed under isomorphism.
* **Graph Invariant:** A map taking graphs as arguments, their values are equal when the arguments are isomorphic graphs.
* If F is a set of vertex, then the expression $G-F$  means that we take out the vertices of F and its corresponding edges, but if F is a set of edges the $G-F := (V,E \backslash F)$ 
* **Edge-maximal:** Given a graph $(V,E)$ with a certain property, there are no other graph $(V,F)$ with $F \nsupseteq E$ that satisfies that property.
* **Graph minimal or maximal:** When the ordering of P (graph property) is not specified, then we are referring to the sub-graph relation.
* **Minimal or Maximal sets for vertices or edges:** The reference is simply to set inclusion.
* If $G$ and $G'$ are disjoint, we denote $G*G'$ as $G \cup G'$ 
* **Line Graph:** It may be useful later but a line graph is a way to transform edges to vertices, where $x,y \in E$ are adjacent as vertices if and only if they are adjacent in edges in G.