* **Neighbours:** It denoted by $N(v)$ or $N(U)$ whether if the argument is a vertex or a subset of vertices. If is a vertex, then $N(v)$ represents the set of vertices of $V$ connected by an edge to $v$. If is a subset, then $N(U)$ represents the set of vertices in $V \backslash U$ that are connected to one of the vertices in U 
	* **Does U have to be included in V?** 
		the answer the book is yes. I think that V is the entire graph rather than a sub-graph.
* **Minimum degree:** $\delta(G) := min\{d(v) | v \in V\}$ 
* **Maximum degree:** $\Delta(G) := max\{d(v) | v \in V\}$ 
* If $\delta(G) = \Delta(G)$ then G is k-regular or simply regular.
* **Average degree of G:** $$d(G) := \frac{1}{|V|} \sum_{v \in V} d(v)$$
* Let's define this ratio: $$\epsilon(G) := \frac{|E|}{|V|}$$
	 So $$\epsilon(G) = \frac{1}{2}d(G)$$
> **Proposition 1.2.1.** The number of vertices of odd degree in a graph is always even.
* Proof:
	We know that $\sum_{v\in V} d(v)$ is even, then let's take out all $d(v)$ that are even, so the rest has to be even, and we know that for a sum to be even either the quantity of elements has to be even or the elements has to be even, and we know that the elements are odd, so the quantity of elements has to be even.
> **Proposition 1.2.2.** Every graph $G$ with at least one edge has a sub-graph $H$ with $\delta (H) > \epsilon (H) \geq \epsilon(G)$
* Proof:
	**H can be G**. So notice that the greedy approach is to in each iteration we remove the vertex with the lowest valency. 
	In order to satisfy $\delta(H) > \epsilon(H)$  we've to take vertices until $d(v_{i}) > \epsilon(H)$. At this rate we have two possibilities:
		$d(v_{i}) \leq e(G_{i})$: From this expression we can get that $$\frac{e(G_{i}) - d(v_{i})}{v(G_{i})-1} \geq \frac{e(G_{i})}{v(G_{i})}$$
		So $\epsilon(G_{i+1}) \geq \epsilon(G_{i})$ is true at every step, this is important because when $d(v_{i}) > e(H)$ is true, we know that the proposition is satisfied.
		$d(v_{i}) > e(H)$:
			We stop here, but **how can we be sure that $G$ will not be trivial (empty or with one vertex)**. This can happen when $d(v_{i}) \leq e(G_{i})$ hence $\epsilon(G_{i+1}) \geq \epsilon(G_{i})$ is also true, notice that is we keep taking vertices out, there will be a moment where $G_{i}$ will be one vertex, therefore its ratio will be 0, which is a contradiction because we know this ratio does not decrease and we start with a non-zero ratio.